Drobnica (#1714)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/o/low.md

In early August of 2024 a number of former PTW wrestlers and staff posted to their social media teasing upcoming wrestling-related news.

On the 14th of August a [reveal trailer][reveal-trailer] was posted to a new YouTube channel named Legacy of Wrestling.

> Set to Studio Buffo's cover of Krystyna Prońko's song "Psalm stojących w kolejce" (_The Psalm of Those Standing in Line_, a protest song from the early days of [Solidarity][solidarnosc]), the trailer showed a couple of PTW-related fake newspaper clippings and the [PTW Intergender Championship](@/c/ptw-intergender-championship.md) (hand-made by [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) out of cardboard, and only vaguely recognised by PTW), followed by several ex-PTW wrestlers: Hammers, [Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md), [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) and [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md), as well as [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md) (formerly Jakob Sigmarsson), currently on the [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) roster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to Studio Buffo's cover of Krystyna Prońko's song "Psalm stojących w kolejce" (_The Psalm of Those Standing in Line_, a protest song from the early days of [Solidarity][solidarnosc]), the trailer showed a couple of PTW-related fake newspaper clippings and the [PTW Intergender Championship](@/c/ptw-intergender-championship.md) (hand-made by [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) out of cardboard, and only vaguely recognised by PTW), followed by several ex-PTW wrestlers: Hammers, [Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md), [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) and [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md), as well as [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md) (formerly Jakob Sigmarsson), who at the time was on [PpW Ewenement's](@/o/ppw.md) roster.
```
